This agreement (the "AGREEMENT"), entered into between DA and You as of
the date You indicate your acceptance to the terms of this Agreement
(the "EFFECTIVE DATE"), governs Your access to and use of the Canton
Software, as described below. "DA" means either Digital Asset Holdings,
LLC, a Delaware Limited Liability Company with offices at 4 World Trade
Center, 150 Greenwich St., 47th Floor, New York, NY 10007, if Your
billing address is located in the United States or Digital Asset
(Switzerland) GmbH, a Swiss company with limited liability, having
offices at Thurgauerstrasse 40, 8050 Zurich, Switzerland, if Your
billing address is outside of the United States. "YOU" or "YOUR" means
the individual or legal entity agreeing to the terms of this Agreement.
Each party may be referred to herein individually as a "PARTY" and
collectively the "PARTIES".

By entering into this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:

1.  PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

    1.  _COVERED PRODUCTS_. This Agreement covers Your use of a
        pre-alpha version of the Canton Software, as defined below.

    2.  _CANTON SOFTWARE LICENSE_. Subject to Your compliance with this
        Agreement, DA grants to You a limited, non-exclusive,
        non-transferable, non-sublicensable and non-assignable license
        to use Canton Software during the Alpha Term solely for internal
        evaluation, non-production demonstrations, prototype
        development, or testing (collectively, the "PURPOSE"). "CANTON
        SOFTWARE" means any goods, licensed materials, and software made
        available for download by DA that relates to its ledger
        technology.

    3.  _AUTHORIZED USERS_. You will ensure that: (a) if You are an
        individual, only You, and (b) if You are entering into this
        Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, only
        that company or entity's employees, its Affiliates and the
        employees of its Affiliates who have a need to access and use
        the Canton Software (in each case, the "AUTHORIZED USERS") have
        access to such Canton Software. You shall be liable for any
        breach of any term of this Agreement by any of your Authorized
        Users. "AFFILIATE" means, with respect to any entity, any other
        entity that, directly or indirectly, through one or more
        intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common
        control with, such entity. The term "control" means the
        possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
        cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity,
        whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract,
        or otherwise.

    4.  _YOUR DATA AND APPLICATIONS_. You may only use mock or fake data
        with the Canton Software (_e.g._, to develop custom
        applications, referred to herein as "CUSTOM APPLICATIONS"; and
        collectively with such mock data, "YOUR DATA"). You shall not
        use any real-world data with the Canton Software, including but
        not limited to data pertaining to real world transactions or
        events, persons, entities, or subjects, financial data, or
        Personal Information or Sensitive Data. As between You and DA,
        You retain ownership of Your Data, subject to DA's ownership
        of the Canton Software (including DAML libraries). You shall be
        solely responsible and liable with respect to Your Data.
        "PERSONAL INFORMATION OR SENSITIVE DATA" means any information
        relating to an identified or identifiable natural person,
        including any and all similarly protected sensitive data; an
        identifiable natural person is one who can be identified,
        directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
        identifier such as a name, an identification number, location
        data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to
        the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural
        or social identity of that natural person.

    5.  _NO SLA OR TECHNICAL SUPPORT_. Alpha products, including the
        Canton Software, may not always perform as specified and can be
        changed from time to time without notice. With respect to this
        alpha program, You acknowledge and agree that DA has no
        obligation to provide You with any technical support services in
        relation to the Canton Software under this Agreement, and that
        no Service Level Agreement ("SLA") or any service credits apply
        to Your use of the Canton Software, including with respect to
        any failures or degradations of such Software. Support, if any,
        will be governed by a separate agreement between DA and You.

2.  FEES AND TAXES

During the Alpha Term, the Canton Software is provided at no cost to
You. Any future fees (the "FEES") for the Canton Software will be listed
at [https://www.canton.io/fees.html] and communicated to You in advance of
those Fees becoming effective. DA can change the Fees from time to time
and, by continuing to use the Canton Software after receiving
notification of new Fees becoming effective, You agrees to those Fees,
as applicable. If any authority imposes any duty, tax, levy, or fee
(excluding those based on DA's net income) on the Canton Software or any
support services provided hereunder, You agree that You are responsible
for and will pay any such amount and that You shall indemnify DA from
and against any liability with respect to any amount imposed.

3.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

    1.  _OWNERSHIP/TITLE_. As between DA and You, during and after the
        term of this Agreement, (a) DA exclusively retains and owns all
        right, title and interest, including but not limited to any and
        all Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the Canton Software,
        and (b) You exclusively retain and own all right, title and
        interest, including but not limited to any and all Intellectual
        Property Rights, in and to Your Data. "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
        RIGHTS" means any (i) copyrights and copyrightable works,
        whether registered or unregistered, (ii) trademarks, service
        marks, trade dress, logos, registered designs, trade and
        business names (including internet domain names, corporate
        names, and email address names), whether registered or
        unregistered, (iii) patents, patent applications, patent
        disclosures, mask works and inventions (whether patentable or
        not), (iv) trade secrets, know-how, data privacy rights,
        database rights, know-how, and rights in designs, and (v) all
        other forms of intellectual property or proprietary rights, in
        each case in every jurisdiction worldwide. All rights not
        expressly granted to You are retained by DA.

    2.  _PURPOSE; RESTRICTIONS_. THE CANTON SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DA
        TO YOU DURING THE ALPHA TERM FOR EVALUATION PURPOSES ONLY. You
        may use the Canton Software only during the Alpha Term and only
        for the Purpose. ANY USE OF THE CANTON SOFTWARE FOR ANYTHING
        OTHER THAN THE PURPOSE, INCLUDING USE IN ANY PRODUCTION SETTING,
        IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED AND IS A MATERIAL BREACH OF THIS
        AGREEMENT. Without limiting the foregoing, You will not and will
        not induce any third party to, directly or indirectly: (a) copy,
        modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer,
        decompile, translate, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to
        extract any or all of the source code of the Canton Software
        (except to the extent such restriction is expressly prohibited
        by applicable law), (b) use the Canton Software for any
        non-evaluation activity or in violation of DA's Acceptable Use
        Policy; (c) use the Canton Software in any manner which violates
        applicable law, including, without limitation, export controls,
        broker dealer regulations, and banking regulations, or (d)
        sublicense, resell, or distribute any or all of the Canton
        Software.

    3.  _FEEDBACK_. You may choose to provide comments, suggestions and
        other evaluative observations or analysis regarding the Canton
        Software (such items, collectively, "FEEDBACK") to DA. Feedback
        shall be confidential information of DA. You grant to DA, under
        Your Intellectual Property Rights, a worldwide, fully paid,
        irrevocable and non-exclusive license, with the right to
        sublicense to DA's licensees and customers, the right to use and
        disclose Feedback in any manner DA chooses and to display,
        perform, copy, make, have made, use, sell, and otherwise dispose
        of DA's and its sublicensees products embodying such Feedback in
        any manner and via any media DA or its sublicensee chooses,
        without reference or obligation to You. You will not provide DA
        any Feedback that (i) You have reason to believe is subject to
        any patent, copyright, or other intellectual property claim or
        right of any third party; or (ii) is subject to license terms
        that seek to require any DA product incorporating or derived
        from any Feedback, or other DA intellectual property, to be
        licensed to or otherwise shared with any third party. Unless
        authorized by You, DA shall not use or reference Your name or
        trademarks in its use of such Feedback.

4.  REPRESENTATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS

    1.  _REPRESENTATIONS_. Each Party represents and warrants that (a)
        this Agreement is duly and validly executed and delivered by
        such Party and constitutes a legal and binding obligation of
        such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with
        its terms; (b) such Party has all necessary power and authority
        to execute and perform in accordance with this Agreement;
        and (c) such Party's execution and performance of this Agreement
        does not conflict with or violate any provision of law, rule or
        regulation to which such Party is subject, or any agreement or
        other obligation applicable to such Party or binding upon its
        assets. If You are entering this Agreement on behalf of a legal
        entity, You represent that You have the proper legal authority
        to bind that entity to this Agreement.

    2.  _DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES_. THE CANTON SOFTWARE IS AN ALPHA
        VERSION NOT YET GENERALLY RELEASED AND IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH
        NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR
        IMPLIED, AS TO THE CANTON SOFTWARE OR ANY TECHNICAL SUPPORT
        SERVICES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES
        OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, SATISFACTORY
        QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE, AND ANY
        WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
        GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, NEITHER DA NOR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS
        WARRANTS THAT THE CANTON SOFTWARE WILL PERFORM WITHOUT ERROR,
        THAT IT WILL RUN WITHOUT IMMATERIAL INTERRUPTION OR THAT ANY
        CONTENT AND DATA USED WITH THE CANTON SOFTWARE WILL BE SECURE OR
        NOT OTHERWISE LOST OR DAMAGED.

    3.  _THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS_. DA ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR ANY
        COMPUTER VIRUS OR SIMILAR CODE THAT IS DOWNLOADED TO ANY
        COMPUTER OR OTHER DEVICE AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE CANTON
        SOFTWARE. DA DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE OR ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY
        FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS OR SERVICES OFFERED BY OR THROUGH
        THE CANTON SOFTWARE.

5.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Regardless of the basis on which You are entitled to claim damages from
DA (including fundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or
other contract or tort claim), DA's entire liability for all claims in
the aggregate arising from or related to the Canton Software, any
support services or otherwise arising under this Agreement will not
exceed the actual amount paid by You to DA under this Agreement during
the three (3) months prior to the event giving rise to liability.

IN NO EVENT WILL DA BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS GOODWILL OR
ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION OR THE THEORY
OF RECOVERY, EVEN IF DA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE
DAMAGES.

6.  INDEMNIFICATION

Unless prohibited by applicable law, You will defend and indemnify DA
and hold DA harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities,
damages, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys' and experts' fees, arising from or relating to Your use of
the Canton Software or any acts, omissions, or misrepresentations under
this Agreement, including but not limited to: (i) Your violation of DA's
Acceptable Use Policy, (ii) any claim by a third party that Your Data
(_e.g._, Your Custom Application(s)) violates the Intellectual Property
Rights of a third party, and (iii) Your violation of any policy
communicated to You by DA.

7.  NOTICES

All notices to DA must be in writing and will be deemed given only when
sent by first class mail (return receipt requested), hand-delivered or
sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, to the DA
address indicated at the beginning of this Agreement. All notices to You
may be given electronically (_e.g._, to the email address submitted by
the You upon registration). A Party may change its address for notices
by notifying the other Party in writing.

8.  GOVERNING LAW; JURY WAIVER

THE AGREEMENT IS DEEMED TO BE MADE UNDER AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED
ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ITS
CONFLICTS OF LAWS PROVISIONS. THE PARTIES HEREBY CONSENT TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS WITHIN THE
BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN, CITY OF NEW YORK, FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ALL
MATTERS RELATING TO, OR ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PARTIES
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH THEY MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF
VENUE OF ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT AND ANY CLAIM THAT
ANY SUCH PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN ANY FORUM
NON CONVENIENS. BOTH PARTIES AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE A JURY
PARTICIPATE IN THE RESOLUTION OF THE DISPUTE OR CLAIM, BETWEEN ANY OF
THE PARTIES OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES RELATED TO IN ANY WAY
THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE GOVERNED BY THE UNITED
NATIONS CONVENTION ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS, THE
APPLICATION OF WHICH IS HEREBY EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED.

9.  TERMINATION

This Agreement is effective from the Effective Date until terminated in
accordance with its terms (the "ALPHA TERM"). Either Party may terminate
this Agreement for convenience, in whole or in part, any time by giving
the other Party prior notice of the termination date. This Agreement
shall automatically terminate upon Your acceptance, if any, of a
successor agreement related to the Canton Software. The provisions
relating to the following rights and obligations shall survive the
termination, cancellation, expiration and/or rescission of this
Agreement: Sections 1.4-1.7, 1.9, 2, 3.3, 3.4-6, and 8-10.

Upon termination, You agree to promptly delete or return all copies of
the Canton Software in your possession or control and cease using such
Software or exercising any rights You may have under this Agreement.

10.  GENERAL

    1.  _INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS_. DA and You will at all times be
        independent contractors. Neither Party has any right, power or
        authority to enter into any agreement for or on behalf of, or to
        assume or incur any obligation or liabilities, express or
        implied, on behalf of or in the name of, the other Party. This
        Agreement will not be interpreted or construed to create an
        association, joint venture or partnership between the Parties or
        to impose any partnership obligation or liability upon either
        Party.

    2.  _YOUR INFORMATION_. Apart from account information, You shall
        not disclose any Personal Information or Sensitive Data or
        similarly protected or personal data to DA. If You disclose or
        otherwise provide or furnish Personal Information or Sensitive
        Data to DA, You represent and warrant that You have obtained all
        the relevant consents to do so and will defend, indemnify and
        hold DA harmless from and against any claims arising out of such
        disclosure. To the full extent allowed by applicable law, You
        agree that You are solely liable for all Personal Information
        and Sensitive Data obligations, including, without limitation,
        confidentiality and data protection and privacy obligations and
        restrictions imposed by applicable law, regulation or court
        order.

        You agree to allow DA and its subsidiaries, Affiliates,
        subcontractors and assignees to store, use, and transfer among
        such entities and persons, any Personal Information or Sensitive
        Data provided by You, including names, business phone numbers
        and business email addresses, anywhere DA or any of such
        entities or persons does business worldwide, provided that such
        information will be used only in connection with DA's business
        relationship with You.

    3.  _SEVERABILITY_. If any provision of this Agreement is held
        invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction,
        the remaining provisions of this Agreement remain in full force
        and effect. The Parties agree to replace the invalid or
        unenforceable provision with one that matches the original
        intent of the Parties.
    
    4.  _THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES_. For the avoidance of doubt, all
        rights and benefits granted under this Agreement to You will be
        deemed granted directly to You. Otherwise, no third party will
        be deemed to be an intended or unintended third-party
        beneficiary of this Agreement. DA is not responsible for any
        third-party claims against You.
    
    5.  _FORCE MAJEURE_. With the exceptions of confidentiality,
        restrictions on use, and payment obligations, a Party will be
        excused from the performance of its obligations under this
        Agreement to the extent that such performance is prevented by
        Force Majeure and the non-performing Party promptly provides
        notice of the prevention to the other Party referencing this
        Section. Such excuse shall be continued so long as the condition
        constituting force majeure continues and the non-performing
        Party takes reasonable efforts to remove the condition. "FORCE
        MAJEURE" means conditions beyond the control of the affected
        Party, including an act of any God, war, civil commotion,
        terrorist act, labor strike, failure or default of public
        utilities or common carriers, fire, earthquake, storm or like
        catastrophe, or failure or loss of utilities, communications or
        computer (software and hardware) services (provided that such
        failure could not have been prevented by the exercise of skill,
        diligence, and prudence on the behalf of the affected Party that
        would be reasonably and ordinarily expected from a skilled and
        experienced person or entity engaged in the same type of
        undertaking under the same or similar circumstances.
    
    6.  _ENTIRE AGREEMENT, ASSIGNMENT_. This Agreement constitutes the
        entire agreement of the Parties pertaining to the subject matter
        hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings
        pertaining thereto, notwithstanding any oral representations or
        statements to the contrary heretofore made. This Agreement may
        not be assigned or transferred by You without the prior written
        consent of DA.
    
    7.  _MODIFICATION; WAIVER; RIGHTS_. DA MAY AMEND OR RESTATE THIS
        AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME UPON NOTICE TO YOU, WHICH NOTICE MAY BE
        GIVEN ELECTRONICALLY. BY CONTINUING TO ACCESS OR USE ANY CANTON
        SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ANY SUCH AMENDMENTS MADE BY
        DA. No amendment of this Agreement may be made by You unless in
        writing and signed by both Parties. All rights and remedies
        provided for in this Agreement will be cumulative and in
        addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies available to
        either Party at law, in equity or otherwise.

DA ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY

Your use of the Canton Software is subject to this Acceptable Use
Policy. Capitalized terms have the meaning given to them in the
Agreement between You and DA.

You agree not to, and not to allow third parties to use the Canton
Software:

1.  To violate, or encourage the violation of, the legal rights of
    others (including, without limitation, storage or transmittal of any
    material that violates the Intellectual Property Rights of any
    entity or person);

2.  To engage in, promote or encourage illegal activity;

3.  To engage in the purchase, sale, or other transaction of any asset
    or other item that would violate or cause DA to violate any
    applicable law, including without limitation, the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934;

4.  For any unlawful, invasive, infringing, defamatory or fraudulent
    purpose (for example, this may include phishing, creating a pyramid
    scheme or mirroring a website);

5.  To store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or
    tortious material, (including any materials which illegal, obscene,
    indecent, defamatory, incites racial or ethnic hatred, violates the
    rights of any entity or person, harms or threatens the safety of any
    entity or person or may otherwise constitute a breach of any
    applicable law);

6.  To intentionally store or distribute Malicious Code or any items of
    a destructive or deceptive nature;

7.  To generate, distribute, publish or facilitate unsolicited emails,
    promotions, advertisements or other solicitations; or

8.  To use the Canton Software, or any interfaces provided with the
    Canton Software, to access any other products or services of DA or
    its subcontractors in a manner that violates the terms of service of
    such other product or service.
